hey guys you may not have taken this
seriously when I said it before but I
have said many times on this channel I
do not cater to the stupidest ten
percent of my audience I really don't if
anything I try to cater to the most
intelligence twenty percent maybe forty
percent when I'm feeling generous I
think there is a very overt elitism to
this channel and what it's about uh
people send me email telling me what my
audience supposedly wants to hear and
they're talking about the stupidest ten
percent um I'm sure that the book review
I put up on the weekend book review of a
very interesting worthwhile book dealing
with ecology and habitat conservation
and future of planet Earth that book
review may not be as interesting to you
as yet another video that's dishing dirt
or exchanging insults with one of my
fellow the youtubers but that is not
what this channel is about that's not
what this channel is going to become no
matter how much dirt is out there or no
matter how much micro fame or micro
money I could make by engaging that kind
of stuff is not what channel's about
it's not what's going to turn into um so
I don't I don't cater to the stupidest
ten percent of my audience and the
stupidest ten percent definitely
includes during writer himself and
anyone who at this stage is foolish
enough to believe the allegations he
makes up let's start with the word
millionaire I would challenge you you
guys in the comments section let's get a
let's get a game going here how many
people can you name how many people can
you remember who have been denounced for
being a millionaire bye bye durianrider
by mr. Earley johnstone have any offhand
I remember he said many many times that
hey Nia hey Neos parents are
millionaires we we've seen the home that
hey Nia's family lives in on her YouTube
channel and Kenya herself most of the
time still lives at home with her
parents not all the time but a lot of
the time she's at home with her parents
do you believe Kenya's parents are
millionaires do you believe that this
allegation or insult if it is an insult
it's not bad it's not bad to be a
millionaire it's not bad to be born rich
vegan movement needs more millionaires I
hope more millionaires sign up I hope
whatever Elon Musk I hope Bill Gates I
hope they all become vegan be wonderful
for the movement I don't I love probably
be millionaires hey Nia manias parents
are not millionaire my parents also are
not millionaires and the allegations are
equally credible in both cases I i
forget actually with Jason I think
durianrider claimed that Jason himself
was a millionaire not the Jason's
parents were millionaires i'm not sure
but the list of people whom he has
reproached for being a million quite
long and i would suggest to you that the
the insult is equally credible in all
cases we used to say it is not credible
at all how many people has he called a
sexual predator back when i was first
going through it a lot of people send me
email mentioning past examples that I
couldn't remember myself where I didn't
know about cuz I'm I'm not a fan of
during writers channel I don't watch his
videos and some people have been you
know talking during Ryder online
following his career for many many years
so they know of many more examples and I
do how many people has he called a
sexual predator can we make a list can
we get the comments going in the
conversation how many examples there are
out each of those examples I would like
to suggest you is equally valid but
which I mean not valid at all yes as
much credence in my case as it does in
one of those other cases how many people
has durianrider reproached or insulted
for being an anorexic or and here's a
great piece of God by being an anorexic
or an eating disorder person he doesn't
always use it as an insult but quite a
few people he has a he has put these
charges to again whether or not that
really should be an insult as another
matter but he certainly does use it in
insulting and denigrating way to to
dismiss people and say they're not real
vegans or they're not involve vegans
with the right reasons or
dismiss their criticism of his diet plan
or what have you shil Sh I ll shil is a
word that's not very commonly used but
during writer uses it all the time it's
worth thinking about this allegation of
shil why he says it about me so many
times why he never backs it up it's a
very specific accusation if I'm a shill
it means I'm working for the other side
it means I'm actually employed I'm
actually paid to be a representative of
the meat and dairy industry or somebody
something if I am a shill why is there
no evidence of this divider keeps coming
with what he thinks is embarrassing or
shocking evidence if you read my old
blog I had a blog about veganism before
YouTube channel you're gonna find I mean
you might say that I'm obsessed with
veganism you might say that I'm obsessed
with ecology you might say that I'm
obsessed with Cambodia Sri Lanka Human
Rights various civil wars their articles
on that blog about marijuana use and
alcohol use and why you shouldn't use
these drugs you shouldn't smoke
marijuana should doing uncle there's a
lot of stuff that's consistent with the
material of this youtube channel there
are a lot of discussions that against
this and there's some joking around does
anything about that blog suggest you
that I'm a shill that I'm actually
employed by Monsanto or any well
anything on this YouTube channel and
again you do you want to make a long
list in the discussion below this video
how many people has durianrider accused
of being a shill i would say again in
every single instance this has been an
equally valid a key accusation equally
valid allegation it has had absolutely
no validity not even in one case is
there even one example of durianrider
accusing someone who was a shill and
backing it up and the person actually
turning out to be show some people are
shells back when I did politics at City
Hall I met people who were shells there
were people would be you know for
example a shill for the energy industry
for the the power generation companies
from the companies that would make
profit from laying new power lines the
companies that would make any profit
from installing new infrastructure for
sewage there were people who were shells
that really was their job they were a
shill
for the power industry what have you and
they went to City Hall to you know give
depositions the city hall that
represented the interests of those
companies how those companies wanted to
make more money or what they wanted to
install or what their concerns but there
were no see we don't know say it but
there are shoals for organized labor I
remember guy giving a very passionate
speech he was representing the the
cleaning staff at City Hall people
employed to mop the floor he was a shill
for organized labor doesn't mean he's a
bad guy that's just his job that that's
what he's paid to do he goes to that
meeting and he speaks to the government
representing that interest real it's a
real allegation am I a shill if you make
a list of you in five or six the other
people he's called the show and
evil-looking to it how about fake vegan
fake vegan and you know one he doesn't
do as much in more yeast always accused
me of drinking alcohol and a sign of how
little credibility he has does anyone
believe I drink alcohol if you search
for the word alcohol or there's another
config circular cocaine on this channel
I've talked about drugs and alcohol use
again before I even had a YouTube
channel back on my blog could give some
links to old blog entries talking about
that stuff does anyone believe during
writers allegation did I drink alcohol
and if not if you don't believe it why
do you think that any of the other
allegations are any more credible what
he won't be more valid than his making
up stories about my drinking alcohol we
had this event back in Chiang Mai with
the event at the karaoke place and
during a rider insulted me again again
by saying that I was getting drum
beating out drinking alcohol there does
anyone believe it does anyone think
that's credible now he makes up
allegations that I I threatened him at a
mystery event I think at a bar again to
other vegans nobody seems to believe it
everything he keeps inventing
allegations out of thin air nobody takes
them seriously and yet you guys think
this is like a crisis for me to address
that he's rehashing the same imaginary
nonsense from four or five months ago is
not that much difference between the
lies he was telling them lies it's only
now so do I drink alcohol why don't you
put them comes well how many people has
durianrider called a drug addict or an
alcoholic or a drinker how many I mean
off an obvious
vegan gains is one right now does anyone
believe vegan gains drew I think vegan
gains talks about exactly his drug use I
myself I'm completely a teetotaler and I
what years ago when I for starting to me
as i remember was one of things we
talked about was my my anti-drug
attitude and contrast is attitude but
you know in all cases these allegations
are are equally valid they're equally
just made up in malicious and what have
you um fake vegan how many people is he
called a fake vegan long long list you
want include that below how many people
has he called fat he's called me fat so
the Lighting's not that great what do
you think so my gym is closed right now
for seven days gym is closed for
renovations fat enough for you I could
whip Texas can i maybe thirty percent
body fat I'm 37 years old this is not
the meaning of life for me I'm quite
happy with my level of physical fitness
I'm 6 foot 3 100 kilograms my life has a
lot more to do with you know things like
learning Chinese sorry muck and father
holding up I spent hours and hours
studying languages studying politics
studying history I'm not natholi i'm not
selling you a diet book although
compared to many followers of
durianrider at this point I could I
could claim to sell you a diet book I'm
in a position do so how many people is
he called fat I'm an example again you
can make a list how many people has he
claimed were on steroids for some reason
he's given up on those allegations
they're out of fashion for him but one
of the first things he ever said about
me publicly was that I was on steroids
he said that many many times on his on
his tumblr and I have screenshots and
the screenshots have been included in
some videos here on this YouTube channel
and of course I just laughed at it it
would you think these results are from
steroids look I'm all natural and I
never thought I'd be something I have to
boast about it I'm gonna have to prove
my teeth are real to people is nothing
fake about me
how credible is it the during writer has
claimed repeatedly that I'm on steroids
if you want to make a list of how many
people he said are on steroids it's a
long long list uh finally we get into
these more vague characterizations of
being a manipulator of being
manipulative I would challenge you guys
to really think about what that means
given everything I've just told you
there's a very real sense in which it is
says self-evident truth the durianrider
himself is a manipulator he is being
manipulative precisely by lying in these
ways but when someone like durianrider
or someone like Joe best accuses another
person of being a manipulator you have
to think seriously about what that
really means what is the nature of the
allegation what does it mean when Joe
best says that hannya is a manipulator I
mean she's lying to you about eating
bread just nonsense you know Jerry right
how many people is he called manipulator
of manipulative again look at the
allegations he made against Jason Posey
no they just don't make sense Jason
passinho is selling t-shirts therefore
he's a corporate shill therefore he's
part of a conspiracy all of these
accusations and allegations have equal
validity okay uh I do not believe in the
slippery slope thesis I actually want to
make a video for some time without the
concept the slippery slope thesis but I
do believe in the boy who cried wolf
thesis okay durianrider has made one
false allegation after another again and
again and again and for the most
intelligent forty percent of my audience
he has lost all credibility and there is
no need for me to waste your time
respond to those allegations the idea
that I'm a millionaire or the allegation
I'm a sexual predator or the allegation
that I'm a shill working for the meat
and dairy industry or the allegation
that my steroids they're all equally
valid their insults and nonsense made up
out of thin air and if you really
haven't figured that out I mean I
apologize it's possible this is the
first video you've ever seen on the
topic you don't realize that this is
going on for years that this has been
tearing the vegan community apart it's
not even a community it's been precluded
vegans really working together really
getting organized really forming a
movement or a plurality of movements
it's been preventing our political
progress it's had tremendously harmful
effects in every way in terms of diet
and nutrition advice but in terms of
real political activism also this has
been a poison and a cancer at the heart
of the digital vegan demi-monde and has
all kinds of knock-on effects in real
life it has not gonna fix for me in my
legal situation my divorce the fact that
I'm in court and tylium right now I
don't want to be doing this with my time
I have better things to do some of you
say wouldn't I prefer to be you know
running an animal shelter or were you
know running a political lobbying group
we're taking the money and putting it
into an animal shelter a political of me
yeah sure there are a lot of things I'd
rather do with my time and money I don't
have a choice I didn't choose this
contrary to some again lies derivatives
I didn't create this drama he did I'm
dealing with the consequences okay ah
but I can't cater to the dumbest ten
percent of my audience because then this
whole channel would turn into stupidity
those of you who have been smart enough
to figure it out I hope you stick around
I hope you keep watching my videos I
hope you watch the video i put up a
couple days ago this book review talking
about ecology have debt conservation
politics i hope some of you have
interest in building you know a real
movement in the future engaging in real
community activism really saving the
planet i hope some of you are motivated
by that because if you're motivated by
seeing people insulting each other back
and forth we're spawning too ridiculous
made up allegations whether it's
ridiculous stories about my divorce or
ridiculous stories made up who my
parents or anything but people who don't
know me who don't know any of people
volved do have no source of information
or stories about my sex life you know
that can't be the future of the movement
now say somethin for I'm not saying it
shouldn't be the future the movement I'm
saying it can't be there is no future in
that